Project Report.md, before:

# Aspects of Poverty Analyzer #

#### Developed by: Zachary Hofstra, Michael Heinle ####
##### [Project Git Repository](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project) #####

## Project Description: ##
The core concept of this project is to develop a way to examine levels and aspects of poverty as experienced by various communities across the United States. While two communities may experience similar levels of poverty, the attributes, or what poverty looks like in each community, may be very different. This project offers a framework for comparing and contrasting the various 'faces' of poverty by focussing on a select catalog of environmental, social, and economic factors that we hope will allow users to go beyond the standard and often used dichotomies of urban vs rural, white vs non-white communities, coastal vs interior geographies, etc.


### Must Have Features:
#### - Graphical Representation of Data on a Map

#### - Representation of Correlation between Overall Poverty Level and Selected Aspects

#### - Generation of Comparable Communities based on Selected Aspect Affinity


### Nice to Have Features:
#### - Addition of Interactive Time Series Data

#### - User Manipulatable Zoom Feature

#### - School Zone Overlay


## [License](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/blob/main/LICENSE)
For our team, thoughts about licensing, trademark, and copyright are new issues. We both gravitated toward license structures that committed project code to the public domain and allowed for broadest application and re-use while ensuring that the code could not be claimed or its use and distribution hindered. Our team discussed both CC0 and the Unlicense. After performing a bit of web research, the consensus among the sources we interrogated was that CC0 was more robust and had a more well established legal history at this time. We also preferred the additional liability protection that, at least in appearance, is offered by CC0.


## Documentation
- User Documentation
- [Installation Instructions](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/blob/main/INSTALL.txt)
- Testing

#### [Get the latest release of Project Software](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/releases/tag/v0.1.0)

#### [Cite this Project](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/blob/main/CITATION.cff)

Commit message:

Update Project Report.md
added testing link. added to primary function commentary sections.

Project Report.md, after:

# Aspects of Poverty Analyzer #

#### Developed by: Zachary Hofstra, Michael Heinle ####
##### [Project Git Repository](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project) #####

## Project Description: ##
The core concept of this project is to develop a way to examine levels and aspects of poverty as experienced by various communities across the United States. While two communities may experience similar levels of poverty, the attributes, or what poverty looks like in each community, may be very different. This project offers a framework for comparing and contrasting the various 'faces' of poverty by focussing on a select catalog of environmental, social, and economic factors that we hope will allow users to go beyond the standard and often used dichotomies of urban vs rural, white vs non-white communities, coastal vs interior geographies, etc.


### Must Have Features:
#### - Graphical Representation of Data on a Map

#### - Representation of Correlation between Overall Poverty Level and Selected Aspects
The original purpose of this function was to allow users to focus on a single aspect of attributes included in the project. As an example, a user could designate a range of overall poverty level, say 20% - 25%, and receive all communities meeting this criteria. The user could then focus the interregation futher by overlaying an additional range associated with a community poverty attribute, say communities where >= 30% of those experiencing poverty also accessed SNAP benefits. While this functionality is central to the usability of the project, its implementation by M.Heinle has not been acheived.

#### - Generation of Comparable Communities based on Selected Aspect Affinity
This function was conceived of as a way to generate outputs of comparable communities based on degree of similar levels of poverty aspect attributes. For instance, each attribute would be given a ranked score for each community based on the proposed weight a given attrubute contributed to a community's overall poverty picture. Users would be able to designate a community or area of interest and receive a mapped output of other communities with shared weighted poverty aspects, such as communities with high home ownership, high unemployment, average educational attainment, and high utilization of SNAP benefits. Performing a comparison these similar communities might allow the user to determine poverty profiles, for instance, the communities described in the example above might represent areas which previously relied on manufacturing. While this functionality is central to the usability of the project, its implementation by M.Heinle has not been acheived.

### Nice to Have Features:
#### - Addition of Interactive Time Series Data

#### - User Manipulatable Zoom Feature

#### - School Zone Overlay


## [License](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/blob/main/LICENSE)
For our team, thoughts about licensing, trademark, and copyright are new issues. We both gravitated toward license structures that committed project code to the public domain and allowed for broadest application and re-use while ensuring that the code could not be claimed or its use and distribution hindered. Our team discussed both CC0 and the Unlicense. After performing a bit of web research, the consensus among the sources we interrogated was that CC0 was more robust and had a more well established legal history at this time. We also preferred the additional liability protection that, at least in appearance, is offered by CC0.


## Documentation
- User Documentation
- [Installation Instructions](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/blob/main/INSTALL.txt)
- [Testing](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/tree/main/tests)

#### [Get the latest release of Project Software](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/releases/tag/v0.1.0)

#### [Cite this Project](https://github.com/mheinle1/cas502_project/blob/main/CITATION.cff)
